Clarify minimum duration for assume_role setting (#17476)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/index.html.markdown

The `assume_role` configuration block supports the following optional arguments:

> * `duration_seconds` - (Optional) Number of seconds to restrict the assume role session duration. Must be set to a value of at least 900.

Reviewer: Hi @anuraaga! Thanks for this clarification, while we are here maybe we can also add a note to clarify the upperbound?

```suggestion
* `duration_seconds` - (Optional) Number of seconds to restrict the assume role session duration. You can provide a value from 900 seconds (15 minutes) up to the maximum session duration setting for the role.
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion!
